readme.md, before:

![Dashboard](./pic/dashboard.png)

# Neovim Configure

## Install

1. Install `Neovim` >=0.7

2. Install `pynvim`
```
  pip install pynvim
```

3. Install `node.js`, `npm`, and `yarn`
```
curl -sL install-node.vercel.app/lts | bash
npm install --global yarn
```

4. Install `lolcat` for display the NEOVIM logo
```
Ubuntu:
    sudo apt install lolcat
OSX:
    brew install lolcat
```

5. Install `ag` or `rg`
```
OSX:
    brew install rg
Ubuntu:
    sudo apt-get install ripgrep
```

6. Install Nerd Font
```
Install Nerd Font Family: `DejaVuSansMono Nerd Font` or  what you want
Download from https://www.nerdfonts.com/
Install method depend on your os.
```
7. Install xclip (X11), wl-clipboard (Wayland), pngpaste (MacOS), for Clipboard Image

8. Make some link
```bash
./install.sh
```

9. You should also change the python3 path to your own in `init.lua`.
```
vim.g.python3_host_prog = 'you/python3/path'
```

10. Open neovim and run `:PackerSync<cr>` command to install Plugins by Packer plugin manager.


## More

For getting the best performance, please use the GPU-based terminal:

* [kitty](https://github.com/kovidgoyal/kitty)
* [alacritty](https://github.com/jwilm/alacritty)

# Main features
## Fuzzy Search
![Fuzzy Search](./pic/fuzzy_search.png)

## Complete by Coc
![Complete by Coc](./pic/complete.png)

## Agenda
![Agenda](./pic/orgmode.png)

## Markdown & Vimwiki
![Markdown & Vimwiki](./pic/markdown.png)

## Project TODO
![Project TODO](./pic/project_todo.png)

## Code View & File View
![Code View](./pic/code_view.png)

## Debug Adapter Protocol 
![Debug Adapter Protocol](./pic/debug_adapter_protocol.png)

## Pomodoro Clock 
![Pomodoro Clock](./pic/pomodoro.png)

## Window Number 
![Window Number](./pic/split_window.png)

## WhichKey 
![WhichKey](./pic/which_key.png)

TODO: detail


```

.
├── coc-settings.json         -- coc lsp 设置，也可选内置LSP
├── ftplugin                  -- 和原来的vim script一样，根据文件类型加载模块                  
│   ├── python.vim            --                         
│   └── vimwiki.vim           --                          
├── init.lua                  -- neovim配置文件入口                  
├── lua                       -- lua 相关                 
│   ├── configure             -- 每个插件一个配置文件                       
│   │   ├── coc.lua           --                          
│   │   ├── ....              --                       
│   ├── core                  -- 核心模块                 
│   │   ├── after.lua         -- 后处理模块                    
│   │   ├── default.lua       -- 默认设置模块                             
│   │   ├── init.lua          -- 核心加载逻辑模块                         
│   │   ├── mapping.lua       -- 快捷键注册模块                             
│   │   └── plugins.lua       -- 插件加载模块                             
│   ├── user                  -- 用户自定义模块                 
│   │   ├── init.lua          --                           
│   │   └── pomodoro.lua      --                              
│   └── util                  -- 其他工具                  
│       ├── global.lua        -- 全局函数                            
│       ├── json.lua          -- json读写相关                          
│       └── path.lua          -- 路径读写相关                          
└── tasks.ini                 -- 任务定义                   
                              
```

Commit message:

update proxy setting for translate

readme.md, after:

![Dashboard](./pic/dashboard.png)

# Neovim Configure

## Install

1. Install `Neovim` >=0.7

2. Install `pynvim`
```
  pip install pynvim
```

3. Install `node.js`, `npm`, and `yarn`
```
curl -sL install-node.vercel.app/lts | bash
npm install --global yarn
```

4. Install `lolcat` for display the NEOVIM logo
```
Ubuntu:
    sudo apt install lolcat
OSX:
    brew install lolcat
```

5. Install `ag` or `rg`
```
OSX:
    brew install rg
Ubuntu:
    sudo apt-get install ripgrep
```

6. Install Nerd Font
```
Install Nerd Font Family: `DejaVuSansMono Nerd Font` or  what you want
Download from https://www.nerdfonts.com/
Install method depend on your os.
```
7. Install xclip (X11), wl-clipboard (Wayland), pngpaste (MacOS), for Clipboard Image

8. Make some link
```bash
./install.sh
```

9. Change the default global setting to your own in `lua/core/default.lua`.
```
python3_host_prog = 'you/python3/path'
global_proxy_port = 'http://you own proxy' -- like "http://127.0.0.1:7893", this is for some plugin like google translate that is banned by GFW. if you don't have this issue, set it to `nil`
```

10. Open neovim and run `:PackerSync<cr>` command to install Plugins by Packer plugin manager.


## More

For getting the best performance, please use the GPU-based terminal:

* [kitty](https://github.com/kovidgoyal/kitty)
* [alacritty](https://github.com/jwilm/alacritty)

# Main features
## Fuzzy Search
![Fuzzy Search](./pic/fuzzy_search.png)

## Complete by Coc
![Complete by Coc](./pic/complete.png)

## Agenda
![Agenda](./pic/orgmode.png)

## Markdown & Vimwiki
![Markdown & Vimwiki](./pic/markdown.png)

## Project TODO
![Project TODO](./pic/project_todo.png)

## Code View & File View
![Code View](./pic/code_view.png)

## Debug Adapter Protocol 
![Debug Adapter Protocol](./pic/debug_adapter_protocol.png)

## Pomodoro Clock 
![Pomodoro Clock](./pic/pomodoro.png)

## Window Number 
![Window Number](./pic/split_window.png)

## WhichKey 
![WhichKey](./pic/which_key.png)

TODO: detail


```

.
├── coc-settings.json         -- coc lsp 设置，也可选内置LSP
├── ftplugin                  -- 和原来的vim script一样，根据文件类型加载模块                  
│   ├── python.vim            --                         
│   └── vimwiki.vim           --                          
├── init.lua                  -- neovim配置文件入口                  
├── lua                       -- lua 相关                 
│   ├── configure             -- 每个插件一个配置文件                       
│   │   ├── coc.lua           --                          
│   │   ├── ....              --                       
│   ├── core                  -- 核心模块                 
│   │   ├── after.lua         -- 后处理模块                    
│   │   ├── default.lua       -- 默认设置模块                             
│   │   ├── init.lua          -- 核心加载逻辑模块                         
│   │   ├── mapping.lua       -- 快捷键注册模块                             
│   │   └── plugins.lua       -- 插件加载模块                             
│   ├── user                  -- 用户自定义模块                 
│   │   ├── init.lua          --                           
│   │   └── pomodoro.lua      --                              
│   └── util                  -- 其他工具                  
│       ├── global.lua        -- 全局函数                            
│       ├── json.lua          -- json读写相关                          
│       └── path.lua          -- 路径读写相关                          
└── tasks.ini                 -- 任务定义                   
                              
```
